Toiling, toiling through the storms and rain.
What fairly passionately waiting till the Savior calls my name.
I am praying, Lord.
I'm trusting in thy word.
Keep me from the path of sin.
Hide me in thy love and write my name above. And when the gate swings open, I'll walk in. Keep you fit for service. I'll help you on every hand.
I have to admit your trials, though someday I'll understand.
I am praying, Lord, I'm trusting in thy word.
Keep me from the path of sin. Hide me in thy love and write my name above. And when the gate swings open, I'll come walking in.
Teach me how to treat my neighbor
Lord, teach me how to love my friend.
Fill me with the Holy Spirit.
Just keep me humble to the end.
I am humble, Lord.
I trust in thy word.
Keep me from the path of sin.
I need that love on my side, my name above.
Oh, and when the gates swing open, I'll go walking in.